Add resource for GCP Static Account (#1094)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/gcp_secret_static_account.html.md

---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_gcp_secret_static_account resource"

> sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-gcp-secret-statoc-account"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-gcp-secret-static-account"
```

description: |-
  Creates a Static Account for the GCP Secret Backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_gcp\_secret\_static\_account

Creates a Static Account in the [GCP Secrets Engine](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/gcp/index.html) for Vault.

Each [static account](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/gcp/index.html#static-accounts) is tied to a separately managed
Service Account, and can have one or more [bindings](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/gcp/index.html#bindings) associated with it.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_service_account" "this" {
  account_id = "my-awesome-account"

> }

Author: Yes. It's quite common to use multiple providers, though. The `google` prefix in the resource name indicates it's from a different provider., It should be quite obvious. Do you think we should still add that comment?

> }

Reviewer: Thanks for explaining! I think it's okay to leave it as it currently is then 👍

resource "vault_gcp_secret_backend" "gcp" {
  path        = "gcp"
  credentials = "${file("credentials.json")}"
}

resource "vault_gcp_secret_static_account" "static_account" {
  backend        = vault_gcp_secret_backend.gcp.path
  static_account = "project_viewer"
  secret_type    = "access_token"
  token_scopes   = ["https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform"]

  service_account_email = google_service_account.this.email

  # Optional
  binding {
    resource = "//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/${google_service_account.this.project}"

    roles = [
      "roles/viewer",
    ]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `backend` - (Required, Forces new resource) Path where the GCP Secrets Engine is mounted

* `static_account` - (Required, Forces new resource) Name of the Static Account to create

* `service_account_email` - (Required, Forces new resource) Email of the GCP service account to manage.

> * `secret_type` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Type of secret generated for this role set. Accepted values: `access_token`, `service_account_key`. Defaults to `access_token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secret_type` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Type of secret generated for this static account. Accepted values: `access_token`, `service_account_key`. Defaults to `access_token`.
```

> * `token_scopes` - (Optional, Required for `secret_type = "access_token"`) List of OAuth scopes to assign to `access_token` secrets generated under this role set (`access_token` role sets only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `token_scopes` - (Optional, Required for `secret_type = "access_token"`) List of OAuth scopes to assign to `access_token` secrets generated under this static account (`access_token` static accounts only).
```
